

Story for under 20 Female

You’re at home in bed, about to go to log off facebook when your phone vibrates on the deck next to you. You pick it up and you have a message from someone on tinder. You unlock your phone and it’s that hot (CHICK/GUY) that matched with you for reasons unknown. They’re super-hot and obviously super horny at the moment and you’ve been chosen! The message says they want to meet up…\"Now!” its 11:45pm, your parents have been asleep for a while now, and you’re sure that you can get out of your window with no worriers. But, you’ve got to get up early tomorrow to get to class on time.
#Should you sneak out to fuck this hottie?
Yes/No

NO:
You lock your phone and crawl into bed hoping that tomorrow’s class is worth it because you may have passed up the best fucking of your life! 
__END STORY__

YES:
You respond that your keen and they send you the address to meet at. You’re now dressed and out on the quiet street, following the directions.
When you reach the destination it’s a shady looking park then you see a figure on a bench and you’re 80% sure it’s them.

GIRL:
He stands up and starts walking towards you. The 20% of you is shitting themselves, but you walk towards him.
 \“Hey <Name> is that you?” he calls from the distance his voice is deep.
 \“Yeah” you respond quiet hesitantly.
 \“It’s me Ben. You DTF?” 
Although you’re a little taken by surprise, you continue to walk towards him and ignore his straight forwardness. \“Yeah definitely” you’re finally standing right in front of him.
\“Cool” he grins as his arms wrap around your back just above your butt. He kisses you. It's awesome to say the least. It almost doesn’t feel real.
He explains how his parents are out of town and he want to take you back to his.
#Do you want to take up his offer?
Yes/No

NO:
\“OK” he says a little disappointed \“that’s fine I can understand how you could see that as dangerous. Message me when you’re ready for me”. He kisses you on the cheek. You go home. Pussy. Wasting every ones time. \“Im such a Fuck head”.
__END STORY__

YES:
You follow him to his place. It doesnt look too shabby. You make your way to his room and you both immediately begin undressing.
He throws your naked body on his bed and leaps onto you then asks \"Are you on the pill?"
You're not but you want to keep the train rolling and not ruin the mood.
Do you tell him you're on the pill even though you're not?

NO:
\"That's all right," he says reaching into the top draw of his bedside table and pulling out a condom, \"good thing I have a few handy" ;)
He doesn't say anything while he puts it on but as soon as he's done he spreads your legs and thrusts his meaty schlong into you.
a few munites past and he decides to finish into you. Lucky you told the truth!
Long-story-short: you cuddle, you leave, you go to bed. 
He messages you a few times over the next few weeks. I guess he thinks you're his booty-call now but you still sleep with him when you're feeling unnatractive. but, over time you both lose contact and in a sense, you're ok with what it was because it was good while it lasted.
_END STORY_

YES:
He doesn't say anything but instead spreads your legs and thrusts his meaty schlong into you.
a few munites past and he decides to finish into you. fuck. What a wise idea that was on your part.

Long-story-short: you cuddle, you leave, you sneak back to bed. 

The next morning while getting ready for class you decide that on your way home you'll stop by the store and buy a morning after pill. It's a long shot seeing as thier more effective the sooner you take them, but this is your only option at the moment. and gurl you better pray this works otherwise youre in BIIIG trouble!
